feat(root): adds accordion guidance to site (#576)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/components/accordion/guidance.mdx

Use ‘see all’ and ‘hide all’ functionality to show or hide all information from all accordions at once.

<DoDontCaution
  imageSrc={accordionFig2a}
  imageAlt="A collapsed accordion group titled ‘Bari-star member benefits’ with a ‘see all’ button."
  state="good"
  caption="Use the ‘see all’ button to open all accordions within an accordion group at once. "
/>

<DoDontCaution
  imageSrc={accordionFig2b}
  imageAlt="An expanded accordion group titled ‘Bari-star member benefits’ with a ‘hide all’ button."
  state="good"
  caption="Use the ‘hide all’ button to close all accordions within an accordion group at once."
/>

Add custom content to an accordion using the slotted section to create different uses for your accordions.

<DoDontCaution
  imageSrc={accordionFig3}
  imageAlt="An accordion titled ‘Order details’ including a three-row data entity for a coffee order in the content area."
  state="good"
  caption="Use the slotted content of an accordion to house other content."
/>

> Set an accordion to open one at once when the information in the accordions is unrelated.

Reviewer: I think this makes more sense as @MI6-94 says:
```suggestion
Set an accordion to open one at a time when the information in the accordions is unrelated.
```
Would be happy to approve after this is updated :)

Specify an accordion to open all at once when all information can be viewed at the same time and is related.

## When not to use

Do not use accordions when all information is critical to the people using the page.

Avoid overusing accordions to hide all information on a page. Accordions may be ignored if used too frequently.

Do not place accordion groups within nested accordion groups, one layer of nesting is the maximum.

<DoDontCaution
  imageSrc={accordionFig4}
  imageAlt="An accordion group titled ‘Roasting hot’ containing an accordion group with another nested accordion group within it."
  state="bad"
  caption="Do not nest an accordion or accordion group within an already nested accordion. One level of nesting is the maximum. "
/>

Don’t use nested accordions as a replacement for an accordion group. Consider using multiple accordion groups on the page instead.

<DoubleDoDontCaution>
  <DoDontCaution
    imageSrc={accordionFig5a}
    imageAlt="An accordion group titled Coffee with three collapsed accordions"
    state="good"
    caption="Use an accordion group with a title for clearer organisation."
  />
  <DoDontCaution

>     imageSrc={accordionFig5b}

Reviewer 2: Is 5a/b the right way round for these examples?

    imageAlt="A parent accordion with the heading Coffee with a nested accordion group containing three accordions."
    state="caution"
    caption="Avoid nesting an accordion group to add a title. Instead, use an accordion group title."
  />
</DoubleDoDontCaution>

## Colour

> Use dark or light appearance accordions to achieve good contrast when using on different coloured backgrounds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the dark or light appearance to achieve colour contrast compliance when using accordions on different coloured backgrounds.
```

## Sizing

Use an accordion's size property to change its vertical size and achieve compact or spacious layouts.

Set the width of the accordion depending on the screen size or the container that is being used.

## Layout and placement

Use accordions in main page content. Accordions can also be placed within other components to organise content.

## Content

> ### Heading and Title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Heading and title
```

When using a title for an accordion group, make sure it is relevant to the information provided by each accordion header.

<DoDontCaution
  imageSrc={accordionFig6}
  imageAlt="An accordion group containing three accordions with headings of different types of tea, with a title of ‘Our coffee menu’"
  state="bad"
  caption="Always make sure your title is relevant to your accordion group content."
/>

Always give an accordion a suitable header that is relevant to the information that it contains.

Relevant titles and headings allow people to skip over the information if it is not relevant.

> ### Accordion Content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Accordion content
```
